c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\BazeKonacna.exe.config
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\BazeKonacna.exe
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\BazeKonacna.pdb
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.pdb
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.xml
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.Form1.resources
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.exe
c:\users\malbasa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BazeKonacna\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.pdb
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\BazeKonacna.exe.config
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.exe
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.pdb
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\BazeKonacna.exe
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\BazeKonacna.pdb
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.pdb
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.xml
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.Form1.resources
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\BazeKonacna.exe.config
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\BazeKonacna.exe
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\BazeKonacna.pdb
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.pdb
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.exe
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\BazeKonacnaPokusaj\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.pdb
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\BazeKonacna.exe.config
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.exe
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.pdb
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\BazeKonacna.exe
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\BazeKonacna.pdb
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.pdb
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.xml
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.Form1.resources
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Downloads\baze\BazeKonacnaVerzija\BazeKonacna\obj\Debug\BazeKonacna.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
